docs(service-defaults): upstream overrides for peered services (#16122)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

   </CodeBlockConfig>

#### `service-defaults` Overrides for Upstream Peered Services

> In Consul 1.14.x, `service-defaults` upstream [`overrides`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#overrides) would apply to a both local and peered services as long as the `name` field matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Consul 1.14.x, `service-defaults` upstream [`overrides`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#overrides) applies to both local and peered services as long as the `name` field matched.
```

> Consul 1.15.0 introduces a compatibility mode to maintain this behavior as long as [`peer`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#peer) is not set in any override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul 1.15.0 is backward compatible with 1.14 if the [`peer`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#peer) is not set in any override.
```
Just to make this simpler and remove the suggestion that we're implementing a new mode that the user has to keep track of. I understand this just to be more of a behavior

> However, starting in Consul 1.16.0, peered services will require explicit overrides in `service-defaults` by specifying the [`peer`](/consul/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults#peer) field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I recommend removing future-oriented language. I would reinsert this or a similar statement when 1.16 is available.
